# Graph Script Documentation

A setof function that are used to test the dimensionality reduction algorithms. They are generally some utility functions and can be used for any other purpose. The function '*each()*' is widely used across the scripts.

### generate_normal_point() Function
Generates a point that will most likely form a normal distribution with the other points generated by that functions. The more the number of the calls of the function, the more normal the points are distributed.

### generta_conflicting() Function
Generates consecutive points that conflict with each other in some dimensions. The function does not generate a set of points, it generates one point with each call, but its static parameters ensure that some points will have the save value in some dimensions.

### loop() Function
Wraps the for loop, it is kind of obselete now but it was useful for some previous tests. Still exists in the script for future use.

### each() Function
A widely used function in almost every script file. It wraps the for loop but it loops through all the elements ('*loop()*' required setting the lower bounds and upper bounds of the loop). Makes the script more dynamic, shorter, and easily modifible but lacks in performance since it introduces a function call inside the body of the loop instead of just executing the instructions directly.  
It is better to replace the '*each()*' calls with normal 'for' loops for better performance.

### generate_points() Function
Given a function that generates one point and the number of points that should be generated, the function then generates a set of points (each point is generated by a call to the function '*func()*' passed as an argument).

#### - The rest of the functions are just for displaying and outputting the values
